# **Overview of project progress**
#### **current stage**
   This week we are in the process of conceptualizing and designing the main storyline. We have decided to make a cyberpunk-style text-based narrative game. The game is aimed at adventurous young men and women aged 18-30. As a text-based game, the story content and plot are particularly important, so our content type is about micro-fear, suspense and problem solving. Considering that our audience includes both women and men, our game will be designed so that players can choose their gender at the beginning. Although the genders are different, their overall storyline is consistent. To add more interest to the game, we will open three branches in the third chapter of the main line, which means that there are three endings to this game!
   In addition, we have a clearer division of labor and specific times for group work. We will have a meeting every Thursday at 12:00 pm to report on the progress of our work. For the Journal arrangement:
   1. Sylvia Oct. 23_Journal 1
   2. Charles Nov. 06_Journal 2
   3. Riddle Nov. 13_Journal 3
   4. Maria Nov. 20_Journal 4
   5. Beverly Nov. 27_Journal 5
 The above is our concept and design for the game format.

#### **Recent work**

The framework of the main storyline and the general plot content have been completed, and some character images have been generated using AI. First of all, the main storyline is divided into three chapters. The first chapter is called Wolf and Sheep, a dialogue between the protagonist Santos and his brother Marcus, which explains the entire story background and premise of our game, and establishes a positive and decadent character for the protagonist Santos. Chapter 2 is called the nucleus, and its function is to announce the task to the master. Chapter 3 is called the shrine, and its function is to lead to the three different endings that follow.

      The framework of the main storyline and the general plot content have been completed, and some character images have been generated using AI. First of all, the main storyline is divided into three chapters. The first chapter is called Wolf and Sheep, a dialogue between the protagonist Santos and his brother Marcus, which explains the entire story background and premise of our game, and establishes a positive and decadent character for the protagonist Santos. Chapter 2 is called the nucleus, and its function is to announce the task to the master. Chapter 3 is called the shrine, and its function is to lead to the three different endings that follow.

#### **Team contribution**

     This week, I'd like to thank Charles, who popularized the concept of cyberpunk for the rest of the team and designed the framework for the main storyline, the game background, the game scenes, and the protagonist character. He completed his tasks on time and even exceeded expectations. I'd also like to thank Sylvia (myself) for generating some character images using AI.

# **Personal reflection**
#### **Positive aspects**

      Our main storyline is progressing very well, and the outstanding and novel theme can immediately arouse the interest of our target audience. And we have taken into account the gender of the gamers, so we have made it so that the player can define whether to choose a male or female protagonist at the beginning. This is thanks to the fact that our group has the same rationality and truly puts ourselves in the player's views, because if a girl plays a game with a male perspective, she will easily lose the sense of experience. And we have also made a preliminary visual design for the character image and game background, thanks to the enthusiasm of our group members.

#### **Unsuccessful aspects**

    We also encountered some challenges, such as the consistency of the artistic style, because most of our character images are generated by AI, which makes it difficult to maintain the consistency of the style of each character image. So this will be a challenge for the team members responsible for art, and they will need to learn more about AI tuning. We will also spend a little more time on art in the future.

# **Overall impression of the project** 
#### **Current opinion**

     My personal overall impression of the project is that although it is a short text-based game, it requires a lot of work and a high degree of cooperation and communication among the team members. However, since everyone's living habits are not the same, it is difficult for us to focus on the things we are currently doing and the difficulties we are encountering. In addition, since everyone's aesthetics are different, it is somewhat difficult to achieve unity in terms of the art style.

#### **Future direction expectations**

     I prefer the direction of future projects to be developed and discussed offline by the team members together. When we communicate face-to-face, it may be more efficient and reduce uncertainty and misunderstanding. Therefore, reading week is definitely the best time for us to have offline discussions.

# **Next steps**

    Next week and during reading week, our group plans to complete the first version of the main and subplots. This includes detailed dialogue, scene settings, as well as the design of all characters, character personalities, and three different story endings. Therefore, our focus will be on writing the plot and characters. Since the main plot is almost complete, we will refine and polish the subplots next week.

